# Common Issues

## Missing Hardware Acceleration Options

The hardware acceleration options listed in the FFMPEG Settings page are derived from output generated by the your configured `ffmpeg` executable. The command used to discover available hardware accel. options is

```
ffmpeg -hide_banner -hwaccels
```

There are a few reasons why your desired hardware acceleration option is not appearing in this list. This is generally only an issue if you are running Tunarr outside of Docker, as Docker images include pre-built FFmpeg binaries with all necessary libraries. Here a few of the common ones we've seen:

1. The `ffmpeg` executable used by Tunarr is not correct. Double-check the executable path configured by Tunarr with the one in your CLI environment (`which ffmpeg`). One example of this running on Ubuntu and having installed a version of ffmpeg with `snap` (executable in `/snap/bin/ffmpeg`) and one with `apt` (in `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`).
2. The `ffmpeg` executable you are using does not have the necessary libraries compiled in. This can be verified with the hardware accel. command above.

If you've double-checked these things and still are experiencing issues, please open up a [new Q&A discussion topic](https://github.com/chrisbenincasa/tunarr/discussions/new?category=q-a&title=Missing%20Hardware%20Acceleration%20Option) so we can debug.

## Channel icons missing

This issue can potentially happen everywhere, but many have reported it happening across various native Plex apps. Generally, the issue stems from not having Tunarr properly hosted via `https`. Frequently what happens is that Plex native apps will access Plex through [Secure Server Connections](https://support.plex.tv/articles/206225077-how-to-use-secure-server-connections/), Plex will load thumbnails / icons from the configured Tunarr host (configured as `http`), but these requests will be blocked because many network stacks deem the hop from `https` -> `http` to be unsafe.

To workaround this issue, there are a few options:

1. Host images used in Tunarr externally, on a site that uses `https`.
2. Access Tunarr via `https`, via reverse proxy or otherwise
3. Access your client which connects to Tunarr via `http`

